Terraform Intro Demo
==============

Steps
----

The various steps are visible as the initial commits to this repository, their details are outlined below:

### 1. Create S3 Bucket

Step 1 Creates a basic S3 bucket in the current AWS account. At this stage, there's nothing in it, but you should be able to see it in the AWS console

### 2. Simple Static S3 Website

Step 2 Adds an index.html file to the S3 bucket and configures it to run as a simple website. You can see the file in the S3 console and you should be able to open it up in you browser.

### 3. Output S3 URL

Step 3 uses an output variable, `website_url` to give us the URL to access the S3 Website. You should be able to navigate to this URL in your browser.

### 4. Create EC2 instance

Step 4 creates a very simple EC2 instance. You should be able to see the instance in the AWS EC2 console.

### 5. SSH for EC2 instance

Step 5 enables us to SSH into the instance. You'll need an SSH Key pair to do this. To create one, run the following:
```bash
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "username@example.com" -f tf_rsa -N ''
```

The terraform code expects a file in the current directory called `tf_rsa.pub`, which should be created by the above command.

You will be able to SSH onto the instance by looking at the `instance_ip` variable for the IP address and using the private key generated by the above command like this:

```bash
ssh -i tf_rsa ubuntu@<instance_ip>
```

replacing <instance_ip> with the actual IP address
### 6. Create RDS instance

Step 6 creates an RDS instance using an `aws_db_instance` resource. It will also install the postgres client on the EC2 instance. You should be able to see the instance in the AWS console when its done.
However, at this stage you will not be able to access the RDS instance from the EC2 instance.

### 7. Add EC2 instance to same security group as RDS instance
Step 7 allows us to access the RDS instance from our EC2 instance. It will also let us use the EC2 instance as a jump box

